Rab permissions docs rebase (#3458)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/security/permissions/grants.mdx

- What resource types should this apply to?
- What kinds of actions should the principals (users and groups) be able to perform?

Grant strings can be composed of up to 4 parts:
- [IDs](#ids)
- [Type](#type)
- [Actions](#actions)
- [Output fields](#output-fields)

You use selectors to indicate which resources the grant should apply to.
Selectors can be specific IDs or wildcard IDs and type selectors. There are currently two types of selectors:

- The `ids` field indicates specific resources or a wildcard to match all

- A `type` field that indicates a specific resource type or a wildcard to match
  all; it might also be used to grant permissions on collections of resources

Additionally, there are two types of assigned permissions:

- An `actions` field indicates which actions to allow the client to perform on
  the resources matched by `ids` and `type`

- An `output_fields` field indicates which top-level fields to return in the
  response

The format of a full grant string is:

- &#32; `ids=<ids>;type=<type>;actions=<action-list>;output_fields=<fields-list>`

You can find grant [examples](#common-grant-examples) at the bottom of this page.

> <Note>
> `output_fields` is omitted in most examples for brevity, but they are valid
> in all of them. It is also valid in each case to omit `actions` and specify
> _only_ `output_fields`.
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

`output_fields` is omitted in most examples for brevity, but they are valid
in all of them. It is also valid in each case to omit `actions` and specify
_only_ `output_fields`.

</Note>
```

Reviewer: The `monospace code` font wasn't showing up accurately in the Note above. I think you need to add a blank line between each of the `Note` tags and the paragraph.

## ID

The **ID** is the specific resource that you select for the grant.
You can use a [wildcard](/boundary/docs/concepts/security/permissions/advanced#wildcard) (*) to include all resources of the type and scope.

> Each grant string supports only 1 ID or a wildcard. By specifying a single ID, the top-level resource 
> is "pinned", meaning the permissions only apply to that resource and any subordinate resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each grant string supports a single ID, a comma separated list of IDs, or a wildcard. By specifying a single ID, the top-level resource 
is "pinned", meaning the permissions only apply to that resource and any subordinate resources.
```

- &#32; `id=*;type=*;actions=*`

**View all** 

This grant string allows users to list and read any resources in the scope:

- &#32; `id=*;type=*;actions=read,list`

**View targets only** 

This **project scope** grant string allows users to list and read any targets in the specific project.
This example is only applicable to project scopes because targets can only exist inside a project:

- &#32; `id=*;type=target;actions=read,list`

**Connect to any target**

This **project scope** grant string allows users to list, read, and connect to any targets in a specific project.
In addition, these grants allow the user to list, read, and cancel any sessions initiated by the same user.
This example is only applicable to project scopes, since targets can only exist in a project:

- &#32; `id=*;type=target;actions=list,read,authorize-session`
- &#32; `id=*;type=session;actions=read:self,cancel:self,list`

**Connect to a specific target** 

This **project scope** grant string allows users to list, read, and connect to a specific target.
In addition, these grants let users list, read, and cancel any sessions initiated by the same user.

> If you want to include several specific targets, you can duplicate the first grant string using the respective IDs of those targets.
> This example is only applicable to project scopes, since targets can only exist in a project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to include several specific targets, you can define the id to be a comma separated list containing the respective IDs.
This example is only applicable to project scopes, since targets can only exist in a project:
```
